At this point in our application,
we have our contacts array that we're parsing
down as a prop to our list contacts component,
and inside of list contacts we are grabbing that contacts array off of our prop's object,
we're using.map to map over it,
and for each contact inside of our contacts array we are creating a list item,
which just shows the contacts name.
Right now, this is working fine,
but we want to instead of just rendering their name,
we want to show something like this,
where we have their name,
their Twitter handle as well as their Avatar.
So what we will do is first let's give each list item a className of contact list item,
and then now inside of the list item,
let's go ahead and delete this name for now.
We'll add it back in here in a second.
So let's have a div, we'll give this a className of
contact Avatar and then what we also want to do
is we want to add an an inline style to this div.
And the reason for that is we want to give this specific
div a background image that is the Avatar of the contact.
So what we can do is we can give it a style,
so this the first curly braces here says hey we want to go into JavaScript,
and then the second one,
says we want to give this an object.
So what you need to parse the style prop is an object with
each property on that object being a specific CSS property.
So we can do is we'll set background image,
and then we will use backticks because we are going to use ES6 template strings.
We will say URL and now we want to pass it the URL of the Avatar,
which we can get by doing contact.avatarurl.
So now we can close this div.
Notice there's not going to be anything inside of it.
So we can just immediately close it.
And there we go we have all of the contacts now.
The next thing we want to do is show the user's name as well as their handle.
So we can say div with a className of contact details,
and inside of here, as I just mentioned,
we are going to have two different paragraphs.
The first one, will be contact.name and the second one is going to be contact.handle,
and now if we save this what we should see is
the Avatar as well as name and their handle,
and now the last thing we want to add here is a button that looks like this.
So what we will do is we will have a button here and we'll give it
a class name of contact-remove,
and then for now we will just say button and we're not going to have this up here,
but it'll be nice to have the UI in there, so there we go.
Now instead of just rendering the contacts name,
what we're rendering is their Avatar, the name,
a handle and eventually an option to delete the specific contact.